Choose H2O datasets in A/B tests (#655)
coiled/coiled-runtime: AB_environments/README.md

The file offers a `categories` list. These are the subdirectories of `tests/`
which you wish to run.

`h2o_datasets` is a list of datasets to run through in

> `tests/benchmarks/test_h2o.py`. Refer to the file for the full list.

Author: ```suggestion
`tests/benchmarks/test_h2o.py`. Refer to the file for the possible choices.
```
